Job Description: 
Join us!
Do you love writing C++ code and want to be part of a self-driven team that continuously improves its development practices? If so, this opportunity may be what you are looking for!
What’s in it for you?
4 weeks of annual vacation
5 personal days
Subsidized Health and Dental Insurance
RRSP matching program
Bonus and restricted stock programs
Hybrid working model
Employee and Family Assitance Program
What you"ll be working on:
Software design and development for current and future Mirametrix product lines;
Take part in continuous efforts to improve our development workflow;
Development of demos and proofs of concept;
Integrate new attention sensing engine capabilities in our application’s features;
Learn to develop applications that respond to the user's attention efficiently and naturally;
Experience And Qualifications you have:
B.Sc or equivalent;
3+ years in software application development or equivalent (required);
Strong skills in C++ 11 and up (required)
Development on Windows (required)
Strong understanding of object-oriented design (required)
Skills in Python
Experience with CMake
Familiarity with management of open-source libraries
Experience with Continuous Integration environments (release every 2 weeks)
Experience developing mass-market products is an asset
We value personal projects, internships and non-curricular student activities;
Company Profile
Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ: LSCC) is the global leader in smart connectivity solutions, providing market leading intellectual property and low-power, small form-factor devices that enable more than 8,000 global customers to quickly deliver innovative and differentiated cost and power efficient products. Mirametrix was acquired by Lattice Semiconductor in late 2021. This position is for the Montréal based Mirametrix office. Mirametrix develops state-of-the-art attention sensing and gaze tracking software, using innovative cutting-edge artificial intelligence in computer vision. As a leader in attention sensing, our goal is to enable hands-free user interaction on the next generation of computers and digital devices. We support some of the biggest consumer electronics brands by making their devices smarter and more intuitive. Lattice Semiconductor is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status

Skills: software application development, C++, Object-Oriented Design, Python, CMake, Continous Integration, artificial intelligence, Computer Vision
--
Job Description:
Passionate about IT? Fairstone is the first Canadian financial institution operating 100% in the AWS Cloud. If you want to be part of our technology team’s journey, where nimbleness and creativity are our daily tasks. Check out this great opportunity!
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with other developers and engineers to maintain and build applications
Build serverless applications using AWS Cloud
Troubleshoot and solve software issues
Work in a cloud computing environment; understand the philosophy and methodology of cloud computing; understand and master Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Your wellness is our priority
To protect your health and wellness, Fairstone will conduct recruitment digitally for this position. You will receive virtual onboarding and training and will initially work remotely with the Fairstone team. We look forward to introducing you to the team at Fairstone’s downtown Montreal headquarters once physical distancing measures are lifted.
You are the ideal candidate if:
You have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
You have experience writing code in TypeScript (React, Node)
You have experience using SQL to update and retrieve data
You have experience with database management and security a plus
You have demonstrated experience with AWS Services a plus
You have good analytical skills
You have good communication skills
You are bilingual.
What’s in it for you?
At Fairstone, we offer all our permanent employees:
A minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation (prorated to your start date)
Wellness days
Employee referral program $2000.00 or more.
Great Benefit Program (flexible health and dental benefits, access to virtual health care provider Dialogue, pension plan and much more!)
Ongoing Learning and development Training
Tuition Assistance Programs
Paid volunteer day and organized volunteering event across the country
A growing company with potential for personal growth and career advancement.
And Much more.
If you’re seeking a role with a growing business that values employee development, Fairstone is the right place for you!
Come join our team!
Fairstone is an equal opportunity employer. Accordingly, we will make reasonable accommodations to respond to the needs of people with disabilities. Individuals who view themselves as Aboriginals, members of visible minorities, and disabled are encouraged to apply in confidence.

Skills: Computer Science, Software Engineering, TypeScript, React, Node, SQL, database management, AWS, analytical, communication, bilingual

--

Given a job description, this program will extract a list of applicable skills to the job\n

Job Description

As an online programmer at Ubisoft Montreal, you will support the production teams by shaping the connected experience of online players. You will design, develop, optimize, deploy, and maintain the systems, features, and services to provide them with an unparalleled multiplayer environment.

With each new iteration, you’ll be committed to answering the most fundamental questions: Can players easily connect? Can the servers support hundreds of thousands of people? Is the connected experience seamless?

Equipped with the latest tools, your reliable and cohesive team will use inventiveness, logic, and will collaborate at every stage of development to answer “yes” to these questions and ultimately accomplish its main mission: deliver the best possible online gaming experience, the experience our players deserve.

What you’ll do

Develop powerful, reliable, and most importantly, fun online systems in collaboration with the gameplay and game design teams.
Understand existing features and suggest improvements to create the best possible online experience.
Collaborate with multiple production and production support teams to achieve a common vision.
Fix bugs and maintain online systems.
Document your work to make the different functionalities clear.
Ensure a technological watch so that the studio is always at the forefront of online services.

Qualifications

What you bring

A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or other relevant training)
Experience developing and optimizing online systems written in C++, C#, GO, Java and Python
Experience with online systems and services and optimizing online code
Knowledge of designing connected features with PlayStation Network or Xbox Live (an asset)
Knowledge of cloud systems such as Kubernetes, AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, etc.
Relational and collaborative skills that allow you to achieve the vision of the game in a harmonious way with the different teams
A keen sense of rigour and self-reliance, accompanied by a strong thirst for learning
A creative spirit focused on innovation

Skills: C#, Express, JavaScript, Jquery, Jquery, jQuery, PHP, Python, Java, SQL, MySQL, XML, JSON, REST, SOAP, XML, XSL, code analysis, statistics, MongoDB, Json, Golang
--
